Docs/Readme for defaults and recommendations (#394)
CliMA/EnsembleKalmanProcesses.jl: docs/src/defaults.md

## [Default Configurations](@id defaults)

## Recommended Ensemble Size

The ensemble size is generally not determinable in advance.

> However there are several rules of thumb, for calibrating a parameter vector ``\theta``, that can be used as a starting point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However there are several rules of thumb that can be used as a starting point.
```

Parameter dimension        | Ensemble size 
--------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------

> ``\mathrm{dim}(\theta)\leq 10`` | ``N_{\mathrm{ens}} = 10 \cdot \mathrm{dim}(\theta)``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``\mathrm{dim}(\theta)\leq 10`` | ``N_{\mathrm{ens}} \ge 10 \cdot \mathrm{dim}(\theta)``
```

``10 \leq \mathrm{dim}(\theta)\leq 100`` | ``N_{\mathrm{ens}} = 100``
``100\leq \mathrm{dim}(\theta)``| ``N_{\mathrm{ens}} = 100`` and [SEC](@ref localization)

!!! note "for the `Unscented` process"
    The [UKI method](@ref uki) always creates an ensemble size proportional to `` \mathrm{dim}(\theta)``. It is not configurable by the user.

### Quick links!
- What does `scheduler = ...` do? See [here.](@ref learning-rate-schedulers)
- What does `localization_method = ...` do? See [here.](@ref localization)
- What does `failure_handler_method = ...` do? See [here](@ref failure-eki) for EKI variants and [here](@ref failure-uki) for UKI specifically.
- What does `accelerator = ...` do? [Docs coming soon...] See our [accelerator examples](https://github.com/CliMA/EnsembleKalmanProcesses.jl/tree/main/examples/Accelerators) to play with the acceleration methods.

## Prebuilt defaults

> Sensible defaults have been chosen for the methodology to give broadly the best solution. The configurations can be revealed by adding the keyword

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defaults have been chosen for the methodology based on prior experience. The configurations can be revealed by adding the keyword
```
